What's the big deal? Who is your name? You are our eldest young master
We found it next to Tianji
Is this a lie? I'm a loner
But I, when you were three years old, I was
Madam, because you cried so much, she became a director after the inspection.
Fortunately, the master has been insisting, and we finally found you.
No, don't go out
If you don't believe it, we have other proofs
If you don't mind, let's take a look
Forget it, go to heaven
The army is here!
It's not a waste to suppress my family.
Stop talking and have a rest and drink.
I really promise you have heard a little bit about it
I've heard of this place
Dafa members walking in the dormitory
There's a whole table of people here
It's all ours
Why don't you take some water first?
over there come here
You're not here to smuggle things in, right? Don't tell me.
Just stop coming here to smuggle people in
Admit it
what is this you give me
What if I eat Xiangjiao?
Still have the nerve to say it
I didn't say
He's an old guy
I deserve an old man
The company you are talking about is ugly, right?
This kind of Zhouyuanli
I mean, Chou Laomen, you don’t mean what you said.
You really don’t know the sky fox
Only the ugly old man will not come
How dare you eat soup?
Let me tell you about the company
My dear
That's the rich second generation of a rich family.
Except this
This is what the head of the Wan family does
Even my dear head Wan’s family
You said it wouldn’t be difficult for me to recover
What's so great about the second generation of rich people?
In addition to that
Yes, I am the eldest young master of the Wan family